The Hindu Logo

Premium
What are the controversies around pardoning power?
Rangarajan R.
Shiv Sena will leverage Shinde’s clout to bag a few important portfolios
Vinaya Deshpande Pandit
Jay Shah has his hands full as he takes over as ICC chairman
Suresh Menon
Suresh Menon
ecDNA challenges law of genetics, groundbreaking new studies find
Manjeera Gowravaram
Takeaways from COP29
Sumant Sinha
India
‘If men menstruated, they would understand’: SC slams Madhya Pradesh HC for sacking women judges
Telangana
Telangana’s Mulugu and Warangal residents mistake earthquake for monkey mischief
Live
World Chess Championship 2024 Game 8 Highlights: Ding plays white
Live
Maharashtra govt formation LIVE: Devendra Fadnavis set to be CM; PM Modi to attend swearing-in
Devendra Fadnavis, along with the leaders of Shiv Sena and NCP, will meet the Governor today to stake a claim to form the government
The Hindu Bureau

‘Ready to go alone’ says Rahul Gandhi after being stopped at Ghazipur border on way to Sambhal
Leader of Opposition in the Lok Sabha Rahul Gandhi interacts with a police official after he was stopped at the Ghazipur border on his way to visit violence-hit Sambhal, in Ghaziabad on December 4, 2024. Videograb: AICC via PTI
Live
Parliament Winter Session LIVE: LS takes up Railways (Amendment) Bill, 2024
The Hindu Bureau
Gunshots fired at Sukhbir Singh Badal outside Golden Temple
Latest News
15 mins ago - Technology
Trump’s FBI director pick Kash Patel attacked by Iran hackers: Report
17 mins ago - Technology
 Intel launches B-Series GPUs for gaming
1 hour ago - Cricket
After crowd chaos, no fans allowed at Team India's practice during remainder of BGT
1 hour ago - India
Railways gives ₹56,993 crore subsidy on tickets every year: Ashwini Vaishnaw
1 hour ago - Maharashtra Assembly
Devendra Fadnavis to take oath as Maharashtra Chief Minister on Thursday
READ MORE STORIES
Wednesday, December 04
English
READ OUR EDITORIALS IN

​Preparing for the worst: On Cyclone Fengal, the future
Extreme weather events will increase in frequency in the coming years 
Power of pardon: On U.S. presidential pardons
Political interference can corrupt the working of the criminal justice system
Assembly Elections 2024
Maharashtra
Devendra Fadnavis to take oath as Maharashtra Chief Minister on Thursday
Live
Maharashtra government formation LIVE: Devendra Fadnavis set to be CM; PM Modi to attend swearing-in
Congress delegation flags concerns over Maharashtra Assembly election process, seeks raw data from EC
Preparations on at Mumbai’s Azad Maidan for swearing-in of next Maharashtra CM
SEE MORE

Jharkhand
Hemant Soren sworn-in as Jharkhand Chief Minister for fourth time
Premium
NDA’s double-engine push falls short
Premium
Jharkhand Assembly elections: Demand for Sarna identity
Premium
Culture, land and identity: How JMM secured Jharkhand’s tribal vote
SEE MORE

Top Videos
Watch: Germany wants Indian workers, but right-wing AfD resists
Watch: Germany wants Indian workers, but right-wing AfD resists
Watch: Cyclone Fengal: CM Stalin announces relief, speaks to PM Modi
Watch: Bhopal Gas Tragedy anniversary: Survivors recall harrowing night when disaster struck
Watch: Congress Working Committee meeting: All you need to know
Watch: Manipur crisis: Justice Siddharth Mridul on ethnic conflict and judiciary’s role
Watch: Explained: Why did Israel accept the Hezbollah ceasefire?
Indian Coast Guard demonstrates daring search and rescue exercises at SAREX-2024 off Kochi coast
Watch: Solving Bengaluru’s used textile waste problem
Watch: Adani U.S. indictment | What is the diplomatic impact?
Watch: Why Tamil Nadu won’t implement the PM Vishwakarma Scheme | Focus Tamil Nadu
VIEW ALL VIDEOS
Parliament Winter Session

Live
Parliament Winter Session Day 8 LIVE updates: Lok Sabha takes up Railways (Amendment) Bill, 2024; Rajya Sabha discussing Boilers Bill
The Hindu Bureau
TMC seeks dispatch of U.N. forces to Bangladesh; questions Centre’s ‘silence’
The Hindu Bureau
Parliament Watch
Lok Sabha passes bill amending banking laws
The Hindu Bureau
Members in the Rajya Sabha during the Winter session of Parliament, in New Delhi, on December 3, 2024.
Winter session of Parliament: Rajya Sabha functions smoothly
The Hindu Bureau
Leader of the Opposition in the Lok Sabha Rahul Gandhi, Congress MP Priyanka Gandhi Vadra and INDIA bloc MPs protest at the Parliament premises on December 3, 2024.
India
Trinamool, SP missing as INDIA bloc holds protest on Adani row at Parliament gate, allowing House to function
SEE MORE
Top Picks
The Hindu Opinion
Premium
‘Developing countries must stick together and ensure that any transition is just and fair in the real sense’
Reflections on Baku’s ‘NCQG outcome’
Ritu Mathur,Sanchit Saran Agarwal
Giving roots to sustainable Indian agriculture with HAI
Murali Gopal ,Alka Gupta
Local action amidst global inertia
Ramya Natarajan,Jai Asundi
“Despite progressive endeavours, such as the Accessible India Campaign and the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016, glaring gaps remain in the lived experiences of people with disabilities” 
Enabling a level playing field
Sanskriti Bhatia,Shivangi Tyagi
Takeaways from COP29
Sumant Sinha
Rethinking ‘representation’ for a meaningful COP30
Gaurav Daga
SEE MORE
The Hindu Explains
Premium
President Joe Biden accompanied by his son Hunter Biden leave a book store on November 29.
What are the controversies around pardoning power? | Explained
Rangarajan R.
The toxins of the Bhopal disaster | Explained
Vasudevan Mukunth
The salience of the Places of Worship Act and the Gyanvapi precedent
Aaratrika Bhaumik
An undated company handout image showing a Mangalore Refinery & Petrochemicals Ltd., facility in Mangalore, India released to Bloomberg on Tuesday, July 18, 2006.
What is the Centre’s new Oilfields Bill? How will it impact India’s petroleum industry?
Suchitra Karthikeyan
U.S. President-elect Donald Trump. File
Has Trump’s legal storm blown away?
Narayan Lakshman
SEE MORE
Top News Today
Top News India World Sports Business Science Technology Entertainment Education
Leader of Opposition in the Lok Sabha Rahul Gandhi interacts with a police official after he was stopped at the Ghazipur border on his way to visit violence-hit Sambhal, in Ghaziabad on December 4, 2024. Videograb: AICC via PTI
Uttar Pradesh
‘Ready to go alone’ says Rahul Gandhi after being stopped at Ghazipur border on way to Sambhal
Mayank Kumar
Residents of Mulugu and Warangal in Telangana initially confused earthquake with monkeys wreaking havoc. An earth quake of 5.3 magnitude stuck the region on Monday (December 4, 2024) morning. The image is used for representative purposes only.
Telangana
Telangana’s Mulugu and Warangal residents mistake earthquake for monkey mischief
P. Laxma Reddy
Live
World Chess Championship 2024 Game 8 Highlights: Ding plays white
The Hindu Bureau
Devendra Fadnavis, centre, arrives to garland the statue of Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj after being elected as BJP Legislature Party Leader in Mumbai, on December 4, 2024. 
Maharashtra Assembly
Devendra Fadnavis to take oath as Maharashtra Chief Minister on Thursday
The swearing-in ceremony will be attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, several Union Ministers, and 19 Chief Ministers and deputy Chief Ministers from across the country.
Abhinay Deshpande
Punjab
Gunshots fired at Sukhbir Singh Badal outside Golden Temple
The Hindu Bureau
World
What to know about martial law declared and then overturned by South Korean President Yoon Suk Yeol
AP
India
Dhaka summons Indian envoy after security breach at Agartala mission
Syed Sajjad Ali,Kallol Bhattacherjee,Rahul Karmakar
Live
Parliament Winter Session LIVE: LS takes up Railways (Amendment) Bill, 2024
The Hindu Bureau
India
Packaged mineral drinking water now in ‘high-risk food’ category: FSSAI
Bindu Shajan Perappadan
SEE MORE
A man with gears inside head illustration
Featured
Unlocking the mind: Understanding memory to enhance learning
Children
Sweta Gupta
READ NOW
States Updates
Tamil Nadu Telangana Karnataka Kerala Andhra Pradesh
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister M.K. Stalin. File
Caste-based census essential for equal rights and opportunities: CM
The Hindu Bureau
Cyclone Fengal: Tamil Nadu government announces ₹2,000 as cyclone relief
The Hindu Bureau
Manjolai must be restored into a pristine forest, orders Madras High Court
Mohamed Imranullah S.
Cabinet is supreme: R. Venkataraman says in his memoirs that the President was bound to act on the advice of the Cabinet so long as the proposed action was “not violative” of the Constitution. Here, he lays the foundation for the Madras Thermal Power Station-1 in the presence of Governor P. C. Alexander and Chief Minister M. Karunanidhi.
Premium
When the ‘LTTE link’ card was used to dismiss the DMK regime in 1991
T. Ramakrishnan
Cyclone Fengal: Water discharged from Sathanur dam without notice, charges Palaniswami
The Hindu Bureau
PM Modi calls up CM Stalin, assures support amid flood crisis
The Hindu Bureau
SEE MORE
Cities Updates
Bengaluru Chennai Delhi Hyderabad Visakhapatnam Kochi All Cities
K-REAT has till date issued orders in 1,539 cases for recovery of a total of ₹707.26 crore, of which Revenue Department has recovered only ₹79.94 crore in 185 cases up to August 31, 2024, pegging recovery at an average of a meagre 11%. Some of the orders yet to be implemented date back to 2019, data shows. 
Homebuyers, Centre want government to give recovery powers to K-RERA
K. V. Aditya Bharadwaj
Fairfax to acquire additional 10% stake in Bengaluru airport from Siemens
The Hindu Bureau
AI-powered accessibility audit campaign launched on International Day of Persons with Disabilities
The Hindu Bureau
A view of buildings IN Bengaluru. 
BBMP receives complaints of AROs demanding money to issue e-khata
Shreyas H.S.
HC directs BDA Commissioner to prepare plan to demolish 15-floor ‘A’ block building of Platinum City apartments
The Hindu Bureau
Three arrested for cheating Meesho of ₹5.5 crore
The Hindu Bureau
SEE MORE
Return to frontpage
Google PlayApple Store
The Hindu
About Us
Code of Editorial Values
News Archive
Sitemap
Print Subscription
Digital Subscription
Subscribe to Newsletters
Rss Feeds
Readers Editor-Terms of Reference
Authors & Contributors
Gift Front page
Contact us
Contact Us
Social Media
Advertise With Us
Group News Sites
Business Line
BL on Campus
Sportstar
Frontline
இந்து தமிழ் திசை
The Hindu Centre
Young World Club
The Hindu ePaper
Business Line ePaper
Crossword + Free Games
Other Products
RoofandFloor
STEP
Images
Classifieds - Print
Bookstore & Special Publications
Popular Sections
Elections
Israeli–Palestinian conflict 2023
Latest News
National News
International News
Videos
Life & Style
Food
Podcast
Showcase
Opinion
Editorial
Columns
Comment
Cartoon
Letters
Interview
Lead
Business
Agri-Business
Industry
Economy
Markets
Budget
Sport
Cricket
Football
Hockey
Tennis
Athletics
Motorsport
Races
Other Sports
Sci-Tech
Science
Technology
Health
Agriculture
Environment
Gadgets
Internet
States
Andhra Pradesh
Karnataka
Kerala
Tamil Nadu
Telangana
Cities
Bengaluru
Chennai
Coimbatore
Delhi
Hyderabad
Kochi
Kolkata
Kozhikode
Madurai
Mangaluru
Mumbai
Puducherry
Thiruvananthapuram
Tiruchirapalli
Vijayawada
Visakhapatnam
Trending on The Hindu
News 
Parliament winter session day 8 LIVE 
Maharashtra CM, Govt formation LIVE 
World Chess Championship 
Chennai school holiday - 27 Nov 2024 
Morning digest Nov 29 
Bengaluru metro’s Pink Line to be opened by December 2025 
Tulsi Gabbard news 
Haryana earthquake 
AMD Layoffs 
Trending on Group sites
Stock Market Live Updates 
IPL Auction 2025 Live | Sportstar 
Stocks to buy today 
Domestic cricket 
Chess 
Gold Rate Today 
Silver Rate Today 
BJP is back to its favourite bogey: ‘The Other’ 
Editor’s Note: Putting Muslims in their place? 
Frontline Current Issue 
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Copyright© 2024, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.

BACK TO TOPBack to Top
